Hands on my knees, shaking ass, on my thot shit. 
Post me a pic, finna make me a profit. 
When the liquor hit, then a bitch get toxic. 
Why the fuck you in the club with niggas wilding?
I've been lit since brunch, thot shit. 
Order 42 for the table, let's pop shit. 
Missionary or doggy style, I'ma top shit. 
Pussy-ass niggas hating on me from the closet, ah. 
Hoes tryna call me a snake, shit, I guess I can relate. 
Cause a bitch spit a whole lotta venom. 
And since these hoes all rats, when they come around me. 
All I see is a whole lotta dinner. 
I walk around the house butt-naked. 
And I stop at every mirror just to stare at my own posterior. 
I don't give a fuck who talk behind my back. 
Cause the bitch knew better than to let me hear her. 
Hands on my knees, shaking ass, on my thot shit. 
Hands on my knees, ha-hands on my knees. 
Hands on my knees, hands on my knees. 
Hoes said they wish a bitch would, and I'm a genie. 
Bitch so hot, gotta stay in bikinis. 
He got a girl, but he keep begging to see me. 
I love it when a nigga got a mouth full of VVs. 
No, I'm not a patient, but I let him treat me. 
I gotta be a doctor how I'm ordering CCs. 
Go to your place, no face, no case. 
Ninety-nine percent tint in a blacked-out Wraith. 
I remember hoes used to clap for me happily. 
Now I'm bossed up and them same hoes mad at me. 
Acting like they riding, whole time tryna pass me. 
Watching me go through it, still tryna drag me. 
Acting like you winning, if you think about it, actually. 
Are they supporting you or really just attacking me?
I don't give a fuck about a blog tryna bash me. 
I'm the shit per the Recording Academy. 
Drinking out the motherfucking bottle on my thot shit. 
Everything I eat go straight to my pockets. 
2021, finna graduate college. 
Goth girl shit, I'm a real hot topic. 
Fucking on a nigga, make him sing, on some pop shit. 
I need a real headbanger, on some rock shit. 
Pussy like crack, wanna hit it like dope. 
Got a real hot box, but a bitch don't smoke. 
Hot girl, but I'm still the coldest, hey. 
I'm the big homie, but I ain't the oldest, hmm. 
Bitch dry hating, tryna get noticed. 
Man, ain't nobody come to see you, Otis, look. 
How many bitches lying if they say they bars is better. 
They really puppets, so I really gotta go and Geppetto. 
I'm really talking, but it really can apply to whoever. 
My pen a freak, it'll go after a bitch or a nigga. 
Big bank take lil' bank, bitch, add it up. 
Hoes takin' shots, but they ain't in my caliber. 
Booked, but I squeeze a lil' head in my calendar. 
Looking in the mirror like, Damn, I don't brag enough.
LVs, Double C's, Birkins, I'm working. 
My chain ain't hitting if a bitch ain't hurting. 
Look, I ain't even finna argue with a bitch. 
One thing I know, two things for certain. 
None of these hoes saying shit to my face. 
And none of these hoes finna see me at the bank. 
And I'ma keep talking all the shit that I want. 
And I dare one of these hoes come tell me I can't. 
We ain't even speaking if the nigga ain't spending. 
He could never say that I was one of his women. 
I don't even let niggas know where I stay. 
I'll be damned if he thinking he popping up on this. 
Ay, say, nigga, I don't wanna talk. 
Meet me at the bank, show me what you really about. 
Niggas ain't real when the shit really count. 
That's why I keep my little cat in they mouth. 
Say, bitch, I don't gotta cap.  
Everything I talk, yeah, I really did that. 
If you want beef, then my bitch going scratch. 
I'ma get the money, so I let her handle that. 
Woo. 
Free JT. 
Ayy. 
Real bitches fuck witting me. 
I don't do shit for the free, man. 
Y'all niggas gotta pay me. 
Put some respect on my team. 
I'm the 1501 queen. 
Bitch, you better learn who run it. 
Cause all this money gotta come through me. 
Cut a nigga off and my checks got bigger. 
Rich bitch shit, got a broke ho bitter. 
Hotter any bitch, I'm the hardest in the litter. 
If you think she bad, put her in, let me get her. 
Y'all praising bitches that's doing the minimum. 
They put that check in my hand, now I'm killing them. 
Don't wanna link with these bitches, ain't feeling them. 
I'll knock the shit out that bitch like a enema, ahh. 
They love to talk hot shit with a lame bitch. 
But when they come around me they don't say shit. 
Ayy, yo' shit ain't pop cause it ain't hot. 
Keep talking trash, I'ma come take you out. 
Straight to the top, you cannot reach me. 
Ain't fucking these niggas, I'm making them eat me. 
Got that big budget with no major deal. 
Don't wanna fly out to go eat a meal. 
If you don't like it, then fuck how you feel. 
